# Meeting minutes 6/17/21

## Stand-up
We haven't started coding work in earnest yet, but speeded through a quick stand-up just to get a feel for how we want to do these. 
The main themes that came up were:

 - Front end apprehension - as a group we have greater strength in Java backend than in JS/TS/React frontend. 
 However, we have a wide spectrum of skills and several people who are well-versed in these UI techs as well as several 
 people excited to get their hands dirty. We have the tools to collaberate and fill in our experience gaps.

 - Getting over the hump - This is the major hurdle for us at this time. The ahrdest part of any project is getting going. We hope
 to finalize the earliest designs by tomorrow so that we can roll up our sleves and be moving along throughout this weekend.
  
 - How do we succeed? - There's concern about how we will collaborate, how we can utilize our tools, and how we avoid generating 
 messy spaghetti code that grinds our project to a halt in the middle. We agreed as a group we need a focus on documentation, 
 revision, and inline comments. We should be able to lean on our leadership team for advice and to make sure everything goes 
 smoothly.
 
In general everyone seems to be both excited to get going on this project, but also maybe a bit apprehensive about 
getting into the thick of it.
 
## Design time
We spent a bit of time revising Sheckeem's ERD. Overall it was looking good, and was fairly complete. Design
revision is forthcoming. We also ironed out a couple of our design hangups from yesterday.

 - Populating wrong answers in quizzed: we will populate these by selecting random correct answers from the same category/card set.
We agreed that this was a good way for us to produce the first revision of a product, but isn't a perfect solution.

 - Quiz_Items in the ERD will be revised into a junction table. It is no longer needed to have a supplimentary table alsong side cards.
 
 - The review process, where a user flags a card and others offer edits/suggestions/corrections will be card centric, rather than
card set centric.
  
In  addition Everett and Austin were identified as the folks who will be wireframing our front end. 

ERD Troops: Sheckeem & Vinson
Wirefeaming Council: Everett & Austin
